[Autogenerated] AWS has designed their infrastructure around services
and there are many categories of services within AWS.
As you can see from this diagram to the novice,
this can feel really overwhelming because there's so
many different components to AWS.
Even within each of these categories where we see these service categories,
there are multiple services in many cases.
So it would be really nice if AWS told us what specific
services were covered on the exam.
But unfortunately they do not.
Looking at the exam blueprint,
you will discover there are five knowledge areas that are
required to succeed on the example.
But again,
AWS does not provide us with a breakdown of what services are involved in this.
Instead,
they give us categories based off of the well architected framework model,
and questions will be scenario based on the exam using these categories.
If you're completely new to AWS,
this breakdown will not make a lot of sense to you.
So if we're trying to master AWS itself,
this category approach is not really going to help us.
We'll refer back to this diagram later in the course when
we actually get into discussion of the exam itself to help
you dissect this information.
I would like to present you with a more refined a list of AWS services that
you can focus on to pass the exam with this new view.
Instead of looking at 18 categories, we're only going to need to focus on 10.
Initially, this still might seem like a lot,
but many of these services inter operate with each other as we're going to see as we go through this process.